Hello 
1. git init :- to initialize git folder on local folder.
2. git remote add origin (repo link):- to add remote repo on where our local project should be pushed to. Its our repo name in github where project should be pushed into.
3. git add <file name>:- it is used to stage the changed and untracked specific file in a folder
4. git commit -m “message” : it is used to save or record all the changes to the repository.
5. git branch -M main : used to determine on main branch of repo does the file to be pushed.
6.git branch : it is used to see on which branch i am currently in.
7. git pull : to download and apply all the changes on our local file/folder that we done on remote github repo 
8. git fetch : it only downloads the changes on our local file/folder that we done on remote github repo
9. git status: it is used to see the current status of file( staged,untracked,modified)
10: git branch <name>: used to create new branch.
11: git switch <name>: used to switch between branch.
12: git stash : used to temporarily stage and save our uncommited changes.
13: git stash pop : used to restore our stashed work and remove it from stash.

14: git stash apply: used to restore our stashed work but doesnt remove it from our stash.
15. git stash drop: used to remove our stash from stash list.
16. git checkout : used to switch,create and switch branch and restore files.it is multi purpose.
17. git checkout -b <branchName> : used to create and switch to 18. new branch.
19. git checkout <branchName>: used to switch to existing another branch.
20. git checkout -- <fileName> : removing all the changes means it restore  code  back to last commit.
21. git switch -c <newBranchName>: it creates new branch and switch to that branch
22. git restore . : it restores all the modified and uncommited files back to the last commit. it cannot restore commited file.
23. git restore <fileName>: it restores the modified and uncommited specific files back to the last commit. it cannot restore commited file. 
24. git restore --source=HEAD~1 App.tsx: it replaces current file with previous file commits.
25. git revert HEAD: it revert back to previous commit head.it undo the last commit.It also create the new commit head for reverting previous commit.
26. git revert HEAD~1: It undo the previous commit. one commit back.
27. git reset : It moves our current files in previous commit history. 
28. git reset --soft HEAD: it moves our files to previous commit but has all the file staged. all the changes made on that file are not lost.
29. git reset --mixed HEAD: it moves our file to previous branch but doesnot has any staged changes. means we have to add and commit again.
30: git reset --hard HEAD: it moves our file to previous branch commit  removing all the others branch commit and work which we done on another commits. means commit history will be removed/erased.
31. git rebase: It used to move our commit into the top of another branch commit.

